In the last lesson,
you've gain foundational skills and recommendation engines.
In this lesson, we're going to focus on a few questions that are still left open.
The first of these questions is,
how do we know when our recommendations are good?
The second is, how do we use machine learning techniques to make recommendations?
The third question, we explored a bit in the last lesson,
but not in a lot of detail.
That question is, how do we make
recommendations for individuals when they're new to our platform?
This is called the Cold Start Problem.
We'll look at some ways to make recommendations in these cases.
With that, let's get started.